---
title: A sad day.
author: driz
type: posts
date: 2020-05-24T01:52:28+00:00
slug: a-sad-day
aliases: /2020/05/a-sad-day/
categories:
  - womp
summary: As some of you may know, I've documented my IT adventures for over 5 years now. Personally, I think a lot of my articles were pretty useful and I actually referenced them regularly while working on client systems. Sadly, today I had a database failure. 
---
 
As some of you may know, I've documented my IT adventures for over 5 years now. Personally, I think a lot of my articles were pretty useful and I actually referenced them regularly while working on client systems. Sadly, today I had a database failure. 

Initially, I was unconcerned as I hadn't posted anything and I have nightly backups of the database. As I soon came to discover, my backups had been failing and google placed the alerts into my spam folder so I was unaware. Every backup back to May 1st was a 32KB blank file. Suffice to say, all text, comments, and links have been lost. I do have the images still so I may try to recreate some of the content, but at this point, I'm simply a little upset and not sure how I will proceed from here.

Here is some good news, thanks to the wayback machine (archive.org) I was able to recover some of the more recent articles. I lost everything predating 2017 and my most recent 2 articles which were about changing Cisco UC Apps over to LDAPS and one about options to bypass the AT&T Uverse RG (or completely remove it). That said, I've just sent a donation their way for saving my bacon and doing the world wide web such a great service.

Let this be a lesson, while backups are great, sometimes you must validate your backups in a test environment to ensure everything is working as intended. This is something I failed to do and I've now paid the price.